have you ever wanted to go to UCLA well
in this campus crow we're gonna go find
out what it's actually like inside what
the internet is naming as the most
beautiful University campus in all the
United States let's go so nice now we've
arrived at Roy's home this is actually
the most iconic building at UCLA it's
where you can snap your Instagram photos
so Royce Hall is actually home to a lot
of the language and literature
departments and it's home to the main
Royce auditorium one of the most
interesting thing is look at the pillars
one has three columns one has two
columns this triggers are a lot of
people on the internet now that you've
seen it you can't unsee it so right now
we're walking through the Royce hall
here are the actual classrooms and in
the center is a big auditorium a lot of
speeches and a lot of performances are
held right here now we're about to enter
the Powell library which is a main
undergraduate library for UCLA we're at
the backside of it because some things
just look better from the behind but on
the second floor it actually has one of
the nicest reading rooms I've ever seen
let's go check that out as we walk into
the UCLA library we can tell this is
different from other libraries because
it's more of a Roman ask architecture
this is so cool all the windows are kind
of big and these pillars are all hand
carved so it's a lot of work to get that
in there as we turn in the corner this
is gonna be the most amazing reading
yeppers the best part of this library is
that it has a lot of windows upstairs so
it has a lot of natural lighting it's
very comfortable to read here on this
side you'll see more books an actual
desk where you can do more hardcore
study now we're entering a very popular
meeting spot at UCLA call the broom
Plaza when you study at UCLA you'll come
here a lot so over here is a wooden
Center home to the gym so you can get
jacked and here is the ash Center for
health and wellness and right behind me
is a Student Activity Center this is
where you can buy your UCLA merch but
you can also get some food and there's a
lot of stores the most important part of
the Bruin plaza is the brewing beer this
is a UCLA mascot let's check him out
there's actually a tradition here at
UCLA it's similar to the Harvard
tradition but instead of touching John
Harvard's foot you come here and you got
a touch the mr. Bruins bear's hop or
some good luck spanked it a little bit
for some good grades - oh that's so hot
dude Oh oh my god dude
so I met a subscriber here yesterday he
told me about ice blocking he's not a
thing here that is a thing that is the
thing right there by chance Ted yeah
yeah yeah so I'll see people like with
big ice box and they're sitting on it
and they're all like sliding down I've
never tried it I've always wanted to
badges never had time carry this a whole
mile just for this better hit that
subscribe button and turn notifications
odds because you're on you're only gonna
see this on campus crow nowhere else
let's get ready for this are you ready
to go down are you ready about
ice-blocking I'm a little bit nervous
Ozzy this is a big help two three oh
that's not good
whenever you do that Oh get ready on
tits it go oh that's intense their house
really intense I've never done anything
like that in my whole life you feel it
definitely knows how to play oh man
that's a great or tribute man only on
campus crowd hit that subscribe button
so keeping with campus crowd tradition
we're gonna show you things you can't
find anywhere else on YouTube and right
now we're gonna show you what a typical
classroom is like at UCLA as you can see
we have these desk
where it's individual desks for the
table and then over here they have
whiteboards not blackboards which is
really cool their classroom is around
like 30 to 40 people but what do you
students do when they're not studying
let's go find out oh we made it to Drake
Stadium this is where all the sporting
events happen look behind me we have the
three fields lined up right here this
one's for track that one's for soccer
and the one behind that is for football
and sports is a huge part of UCLA
culture it's truly amazing because you
feel like you're a part of something you
belong here I love that go Bruins
and so right now we're actually entering
the UCLA Hall of Fame let's look at all
the championships
one UCLA used to have the most
championships couple years ago out of
any university until Stanford asset
which were visiting soon this is their
Hall of Champions
Wow
like it all these trophies man it's just
amazing I think there's a hundred
eighteen this one looks like the
infinity God how cool is that now we're
at the inverted fountain this is a
must-visit location you for coming here
as a freshman because there's some myth
out there UCLA myth if you dip your hand
into this fountain at the beginning of
your school year it will give you good
luck but dip it again you're gonna add
another quarter to your degree dip it
one more time different one more time
one more time now you're gonna be a
teacher I use the LA you're never gonna
graduate so as we walk down those stairs
on our right is a really funny building
name it's called the WAC Building and
over here is kind of like a sports
building they have a Swami employee in
there it's called the Student Activities
Center so are you thinking of applying
to UCLA well just letting you know the
application for all UC schools are due
on November 30th so that's less than a
month away that's why I want to tell you
about today's sponsor bull's eye their
new web app that allows you to track all
of your application deadlines and they
give you a list of all the essay
questions that you can answer but the
best part is you can get college of
izing from advisors who graduated from
these schools all the schools we visited
Harvard MIT UCLA UC Berkeley so click
that link in the description join
bullseye comm slash a food today you can
get all four of your UCS is reviewed for
only $99 this is typically a two hundred
dollar package that you're getting for
less than half the price so click that
link in the description if you're
applying to any of the UC schools and we
can keep campus crawl crawling you know
we can crawl to maybe ask for it next so
one of the funnest parts about going to
UCLA is that LA actually has a lot of
these like shared
it's all around this one is called
wheels so it's an electric bike you
literally just scan a barcode and that's
it now you're ready to roll now we're
riding to the dorm area or you can call
the hills you know Elliot Roy has his
boosted board at Vanderbilt but I got my
wheels hey Elliot should get on my level
let's race bro come at me we're heading
up let's go
oh we made our way up to the hill and
it's really a hill because it's on top
of a mountain so I met a friend Victoria
hi and what are you studying here I'm
gonna study biology okay great so this
is a dorm area the hill for UCLA how are
you liking it so far I like it this is
like it's spacious and I'm excited to
meet my future roommates what's your
room like it's a triple a bathroom in
the middle and then another triple is
UCLA so far meeting your expectations
yeah I'd say so
it's a beautiful campus I like it and I
like the sunny weather so I enjoy it
yeah this place just looks like a hotel
as we're walking we're entering the
common area called Sunset village this
is where people mostly come to study and
hang out have a cup of coffee and chill
in the afternoon you'll probably make a
lot of friends here is this one of the
nicest things about UCLA campus is kind
of just like taking a stroll through the
campus it's really nice in the summer
especially because it's sunny outside
but when you walk under these shade a
nice cold breeze just hits you it's very
relaxing and I think that's what the LA
style is all about you feel it all over
campus chill it's very chill
[Music]
my name is habbo cool I'll see you next
time a UC Berkeley piece okay the next
level is if you dip your whole body into
the fountain you slowly become UCLA you
become a part of the fountain
you